Added Ranger and Resource group documentation for `kill_query` (#27055)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/resource-groups.md

  - `DATA_DEFINITION`: Queries that affect the data definition. These include
    `CREATE`, `ALTER`, and `DROP` statements for schemas, tables, views, and
    materialized views, as well as statements that manage prepared statements,

>     privileges, sessions, and transactions. Also when external clients need the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    privileges, sessions, and transactions. When external clients need access to the
```

    `system.runtime.kill_query()` procedure to kill queries, this `queryType` 

>     should be used to make sure the `kill_query()` is executed directly and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    must be used to make sure the `kill_query()` is executed directly and 
```

>     isn't queued to wait for the initial query to finish.

Author: Yes, I did :+1:
